where we're at now that's while john-boy
had the dash getting all the wood grain
and everything set up Delta and I went
ahead and we installed the defrost errs
we got our windshield wipers hooked up
our air conditioner unit in all the
hoses ran as I once we got it back we
got our also got our gauges back from
the gate shop all nice you can tell and
actually install the whole dash back
which actually brought out the green
which actually made everything pop we've
got about three weeks to go before this
will have to be ready for the power tour
and I believe we're going to make it
right now I'm in the process of getting
the sound deadener but in sobe and
that's quite right because we haven't in
a post tree guy coming in here in about
a week and once he gets here we've got
to pretty much be our part has to be
done inside the car to allow him all
access he needs to help us get this car
wrapped up
you